a lot of people visiting that eggs are
basically bad for you well I'm a doctor
I'm telling you the bitch needs a good
for you it is practical my background
okay when I say eggs are good for you
most people will sit on MC alien egg
yolk egg yolk is basically where
everything is they just see where the
neutrons are so if you h0 nestle you
removing the egg yolk from uruguay
you're getting nothing else and majority
does basically when we have eggs which I
the fried ball number one so the egg
whites are be of no use the neutrons are
denature give the potential in nature so
unless you want to give egg whites and
just take it wrong that's a different
story all right but if you take give an
egg whites and don't take the egg yolk
there is no benefit it must be together
you must have two egg whites and a group
so that you get the benefits of both the
egg whites and egg you so now the next
question what to be putting basically
why do we put think the base the egg
yolks are a bad egg yolks are all the
nutrients they are studies basically
found in quite a number of universities
and they actually claim that egg yolks
basically do not increase cholesterol
levels majority party talking that when
its egg yolk it's going to be a sorcery
class rocks highclere shot in my center
we actually sit on and promote this in
the eggs as basically part of the
dietary system with HD follow most of
people basically turn to say the missing
dr. McClure shots will go are we met
again yolks I said he is not basically
it's been proven wrong because egg yolks
obviously where the neutrons are now
what are the benefits of a gives itself
I use a I believe in giving my patients
xanthine and zeaxanthin itself and
lutein and this sub basically nutrients
are found particularly in the egg yolk
so if someone's business suffering for
basely I dimension egg yolks so why
we're going to see the rock tapir should
take sufficient amount of egg yolks now
next person will be basically where do
basically we get our selenium a
magnesium magnesium itself is so
important in it contributes about 500
knots or 300 basically bodily functions
and your one source of basically
nutrients that you get is from the egg
yolks selenium machine helps you in so
many parts Alexi increases symmetrical
is a brother discipline sit down if you
limiting your egg yolk from your egg
white you losing a lot of other benefits
egg yolks eggs as per se basically also
reduce inflammation if you'd rather and
this is that how does it do it because
of the nutrients the right side all the
big complexes that you are losing out
they all basically reduce inflammation
your vitamins a d ke they also see they
also only found in basely your egg yolks
so if you don't take your eggs as per se
as a whole you losing our quite a lot of
new trends now it's worthless to do a
sincere I honestly have your egg yolks
with a lot of oil if you're talking if
you asking me if they would put the egg
yolks cost Microsoft's to increase the
way i will tell you yes how you eat you
ate yours and you deep fry them
basically non open the excess excess
amount of all that's what's going to
cause basically to have been increasing
flashed phones not takes all that you
put it plus visit the neutrons are lost
alright you drizzle little bit of olive
oil after you cook your eggs I would say
yes so you have that half ball you can
have those tremble and you can have a
whole me or awareness one you get a
put your egg yolks and you can have not
have the paper courtesy you get this
half your eggs you can throw in your
you're a little bit of prawns or little
bit of chicken if you want to and make a
and an omelet and that's good enough for
lunch most people think that
how many eggs a candy today itself on
back and I have as division three four I
then digital methyl that there's no
limitations but they are basically an
amount that you should you not daily
basis now i would say about an egg day
is sufficient most of us I believe in
the if the quality of the group and each
basically group has basically a
limitation and if your blood group B is
any among and if you basically a bow or
a B it's about five to six eggs a week
now how do you cook them how do you eat
them is basically how the benefits come
into play if you're looking for
rheumatism you can actually have them
about two weeks a day and it doesn't
matter basically work but the problem is
how do you eat them I would such as
basically half ball or softball there
will be the best because a half a leg or
full bolic might not give you the full
benefits because the denaturation of the
proteins radiations eat them up and it
should raise a little bit of all not
basically cook them in oh so hello Dada
shouldn't be too low da de bourrée
maximum it should be listed on like
you